in this video I'm going to tell you how
to get sponsored by Jim shot what's up
guys welcome back to my channel if
you're new hair hello my name is Lauren
Ticknor my Instagram is loyal Fitness
and I am a gym shot athlete and I have
also created two guys one of them is
called the strength speed training guide
and the second one is called the
ultimate guide to tracking macros which
is awesome about tracking markers that's
that that's me I'm 20 years old and
English now I get asked every single day
and I'm not even doing the guy says I am
off every day how the hell I became a
gym shot at least so I thought you know
if people are asking me I might as well
just make a video and I want to be able
to help people out and just kind of
share my secrets with them they're not
stickers that's always why I'm making
this video so guys a little bit of
background and I think this is really
important for you guys to listen to it's
because the reason why I started my
Instagram was never to become a gym
track actually I didn't even know what
gym shot was when I started my Instagram
because I started it over three years
ago now I think or two years ago back
then gym shot didn't even have women's
clothes also I saw in Europe so yeah but
then I started there because I wanted to
have accountability and I wanted to make
friends because there's still this
massive fitness community and then I
guess I just started actually I used to
be like a food blogger fat anyone he's
following me since then comment below
because I would love to know if you are
that oh Jesus was a subscriber when I
was a foodie so anyways that was me and
I was literally doing it yeah as I said
for accountability to make friends and I
never really intended to grow my social
media following but it's things happen
and the more I was doing it the more I
realized I really do believe I have
value that I can provide to people and
the more I did it the more I just loved
helping people I was seeing how my
content was helping them out and oh my
gosh the feeling was just incredible and
I mean it's not something that everyone
loves to do but for me
I never really saw myself as one of
these people who would be sharing their
message with the whole world because
I've always been quiet I find out how to
trust people and so as I started sharing
my life online I mean I just kind of
began to realize how much of a impact I
can possibly have when people are
positive in fact my just wanted to help
more and more people so yeah that was
that why I started but I think nowadays
a lot of people do start an Instagram
account with the intention of becoming
instafamous and guys I'm not saying I
mean it's the famous or anything like
that but I do think that you need to
love it and that it's like the number
one thing you need to do what you're
doing because you love it and not just
because of what it can potentially bring
you yes I get free gym shop clothes but
I get that because I love providing
value I love sharing content
I love being consistent my most recent
book I uploaded was actually talking
about how to grow your social media
following so I'll leave a link below to
the Android version of that and the
iTunes version of that does a number one
rule and the number one way to becoming
a genuine shot athlete is doing the
whole fitness and social media thing
because you absolutely love it number
two is obviously providing various
people and again I said this in my
progress but I'll say it again here in
case anyone doesn't listen to the
booklets whatever so you need to provide
by fewer and you need to do it
consistently so you need to be literally
doing it day in day out there has not
been in literally I'd say over two years
there's not gonna day where I haven't
posted to Instagram at least once and
guys when I was first growing I was
twisting to Instagram three times a day
and look back at that now and I'm like
how the hell did I manage to do that but
I did it because I was just loving doing
it so much and I just wanted to make
these posters I love doing it I mean now
there is a time when I may not have any
concepts of post and it may be I'm there
like 10 p.m. at night and I'm out party
and I'm like oh my gosh I need to post
Instagram but I get it done because I
love I just what
I help people so bad and I just love
sharing things like oh I can't excite if
you can see how passionate I am like a
good I love it so much so it's so
important and I think like the fact that
personally I provide a lot of value in
my captions through my tecna's tips
Instagram stories through YouTube videos
through now my new podcast called
business meets Fitness which I just
launched it and yeah as I said it's
available on Apple and Android and I
know I just really enjoyed the fighting
value so if you're just posting let's
say you got a meal and your top away and
you don't you just post a picture of
that maybe your other than just doing
that put a little recipe in there but if
it's kind of the same recipe over and
over and over again obviously people are
really gonna be enjoying it too much so
you gotta try find a way to mix it up
give people what they want and also be
yourself though because you don't want
to be just like randomly making content
if you're just like following something
just because like people want to see it
I'll even know whatever trend is going
on these days like if you start making I
don't know
low carb vegan pancakes because you feel
like that's what everyone wants but it's
not really you then obviously that is
not what you want to be doing like
that's not good I did initially so I
went to Bali back in January and we were
on I was on like this blogger trip and
we went into a cafe exactly cafe was but
we were sat there and like baring one
I'm the fitness youtuber whatever I
wasn't really taking too many photos of
my food like if there was like a nice
acai bowl I'll take a picture of that
because they are epiphytic a however
right so we got that and I was like give
me some food c'mon and then obviously
all these girls taken averages of every
and I was like right I want to eat but
anyway Bajan we started eating the the
guy who like he's either the owner or
like the cone or whatever healing walk
path and he sees us eating and he's like
what you're eating the food the people
go it's barley they don't need the food
they go there take photo and leave okay
like what are your thoughts on that
comment below because I
nice the most not ridiculous thing in
the world I see that's rude like not
eating food secondly that's lying to
your followers like you have to be
honest if you're in this game like it so
anyways yeah that's far and I mean I
could talk about this for hours but I
just thought it was so ridiculous and it
just makes me think like God if these
people have built millions of followers
based on lies what the hell are these
people really like but hey that's that
and so that kind of goes with my next
point about how to become a gym shot
athlete because you have to align with
the breath I enjoy training I enjoy
living this lifestyle
I enjoy wearing the clothes and I love
the people and my message aligns with
death I am really true all about helping
people I'm all about you know providing
value and just like just loving life
honestly and obviously if you're someone
who's doing illegal things then it's
likely that Jim shark I'm gonna want to
work with you or if you're someone
that's constantly effing and blinding
and they probably want to work with you
and yeah I mean I think it that is
really really fundamental just like just
just being you but making sure that you
align with a brand and if you don't
align with the brand because it's just
not you then don't be someone who you're
not just to align with them they think
that is so easy to fall into the trap of
having this big goal of becoming a gym
shot athlete and then being somebody or
not just because you want to get that so
if you love fitness but you love maybe
swimming and obviously when you're
swimming you don't really wear gym
clothes but if you really is so
desperate to be a gym top athlete I
don't know this is like such a random
example but let's say you're you more
you absolutely love doing doesn't align
with the brand just if you're changing
who you are just for that I wanna see I
can tell you now is not was it because I
think that something people have become
so distant from nowadays it's and maybe
this is just because I am the kind of
person who sees myself starting a little
businesses growing
businesses and not they don't even
necessarily and fitness but I think
nowadays a lot of people kind of they
are helping brands out so maybe a gym
shot athlete is a collaboration I'm
helping them out by promoting their
stuff and then they're helping me out by
obviously supporting me financially and
supporting me with their clothing and so
that's that's like that's that
transaction as it were everything is a
transaction you watching this is a
transaction I'm making it putting in
what you're watching it gaining value
hopefully or in the same on whether
there's two sides to everything and I
think that nowadays a lot of influences
I hate that time but whether they just
desire to work with these big brands and
built and like me working medium job
let's just say is helping them grow I am
NOT like I could be wearing my own goods
right now and I've been racing that
using my platform and so I think that
that's something really really important
to bear in mind because instead of
focusing on building up another brand I
could be focusing on building up my own
brand if that makes sense
but I absolutely love working with Jim
result like this is by no means me
saying I'm not gonna be working with
them like the Spartan that like I love
working with them so yeah like I'm just
so grateful for the opportunities that I
have to work with them but I do really
think that it's so important for people
to kind of realize that it shouldn't be
all you dream of and that you shouldn't
like quit your job in order to become a
ginger top athlete because I can tell
you now it's it wouldn't be financially
viable for you unless you're like one of
the main fall people or whatever but
also I think that there are other things
you know so you have to love the process
of kind of providing all this value on
social media and just like just yeah I
think that's it really and I honestly
it's just mad to me that I am a gym shot
athlete because this time last year and
I actually I will insert it here where I
just tweeted about how I got
delivery and then when Jim shop tweeted
me back I was lazy fan going so hard so
yeah it's just mental to me and I do
like that I literally the only way I can
explain how to get sponsored by Jim shop
is literally love what you do you need
to have you know our following on social
media because as I said it's the kind of
a two-way thing they need you to promote
them you know they don't then they don't
just want me because they just want me
to be an athlete's foot I see no reason
there are times in my contract where I
need to post at least once a week I
believe it
and stuff like that so yeah they want
you for your photo that's really let's
be honest secondly Angela and like not
even just followers like an engaged
flowing like a community so I've got my
hashtag strength feed community you guys
the bet so yeah secondly providing value
obviously being consistent with it
being legal being honest being truthful
not sleeping them wearing that clothes
already I already wore Jim's clothes
even though I couldn't really afford too
many of them but I wore them before ever
supposed to wear them and yeah I mean
you could implement whatever I'm saying
now into any brand so I hope that's
helped guys and my next video is gonna
be a full everything so if you're
excited by a thumbs up and this video
luck
obviously if you're new you're gonna be
like this guy's boring AF but trust me
guys check out another one of my videos
because I you know I'm far from boring I
am a real weirdo but you know it's good
to be weird good to be weird you got a
love life and you have more fun of your
words I'll see you guys um oh by the way
the seamless leggings and all the
seamless stuff is being restocked
today's so yeah I don't run link anymore
by the way because now I'm an athlete I
don't have that so yeah I'll see you in
the next video and by the way guys we
are almost at 15,000 subscribers can I
get it booyah say down below boo-yeah
boo-yeah
[Music]